How dare you!
No parents
No one wants you
I warned you not to hurt him again
Did you turn a deaf ear to what I said?
Ah no
Yes, it was Xia Wanchen who asked me to come
If you want to find him, find him and me
You let me go
Give me a break.
old five
Aren't you missing a sparring partner?
Take the grievances that my little sister has suffered over the years
Give it all back to him
Don't worry.
I will definitely keep him from seeing the sun tomorrow
Promise to help me plead with your brothers?
Tell them to let me go this time
If I had known earlier that you were the daughter of the Lu family
Even if you give me ten thousand courage
I wouldn't dare to hurt you either.
I gave you a chance before, but you didn't take it yourself
Now you end up like this
It's what you deserve.
Uh-huh.
Thank you for saving me
Why are fools and brothers so polite?
Now that the matter has been resolved
You don't have to act anymore